well there's no way that this is not the
place robot vanity plate nondescript
barricaded building that's D brand for
you and as part of our circuit board
collab which you guys will know about if
you saw the video where I wrapped my car
in glow circuit they brought me here to
their headquarters to show you guys for
the first time ever how the overpriced
sausage is made the only trick is they
haven't shown me how to get inside the
building that's the key huh
very funny they didn't expect me to
injure myself playing paintball and
bring a cane though did
they oh no I broke my cane and then
knocked the key off I didn't see where
the key went oh oh no I got it I got it
I got
it and I didn't even need your stupid
stool D you
brand got
him fancy see being short is an
advantage look at that boom I'm in
already ha don't have to wait for
nothing don't burn your wallet on
holiday gifts this season actually wait
do burn your wallet our sponsor Ridge oh
I accidentally turned it up sorry Dennis
our sponsor Ridge makes wallets as tough
as you are and they're up to 47% off for
Black Friday check them out at the link
in the video description um is this hand
sanitizer or is this some kind of like
oh yeah it's just hand sanitizer okay
sure I guess it kind of makes sense that
they're shut down today it is
Rememberance and stay hence the uh poppy
it's a little weird you may have to lose
the light Glenn there's glowing arrows
on the
floor man this place is a Vibe oh
sick check this out you guys here it is
glow circuit glow-in-the-dark Skins baby
all right this is where the arrows
lead welcome to dbrand everybody I'm not
sure what I was expecting but it
certainly wasn't a completely unguided
Tour all I have is this manila envelope
with what is supposed to be all of the
instructions that I will need welcome to
the dbrand factory we had better things
to do so this dossier will be your tour
guide and of course file 4
fo9 do you know how many people actually
think that I'm under 5T tall because of
their memes stop number one the
mezzanine this is where dbrand administ
functions are carried out marketing
customer service hostage negotiation
money laundering you name it
additionally there's a table where they
film their tutorial videos this is
it I don't know why but I kind of
expected more wait no this makes way
more sense this is the table where they
do the installation tutorials if you
just got your dbrand pixel 9 skin relax
this is going to be easy anyway we've
got a black magic 6K couple of LED panel
lights oh nice little recorder with a
pass through to a screen in the back
that's actually a really nice little
setup I'm a little surprised to see it
just in the middle of standing desk SL
sort of cubicle land
but oh my gosh of course here it is the
one and only Illuminati PC that
ridiculously Overkill totally impress
tactical
creation 100% deployed and here's a part
of it that I never got to see I was told
that they had to create a custom desk to
hold these three ridiculous monitors
that you can't even see from one end to
the
other are you kidding me this is so
stupid there isn't even a chair at this
desk anyway what is the point of it
being a Sit standand also
the the mousing area compared to the
amount of space on the screen that's it
for stop number
one now we've just got a
map F in here okay all right under me is
inventory then order packing more
inventory and then over on the other
side shipping assembly manufacturing and
raw material so that's it it's all here
one roof enrichment
okay it's a basketball hoop all right
enrichment let's go check it out before
we get there though this is interesting
this was uh not on our tour but they
knew who they were letting in here on
supervised didn't they development
samples for all kinds of products that
as far as I know haven't been announced
now none of that is probably going to
make it into the video but there is one
thing that caught my
eye to review all right we got some
looks like maybe some competing products
that are you getting into the
mouse pad business and you're doing some
competitive analysis huh I'll save you
the trouble fine quality packaging okay
natural rubber back very grippy high
quality Stitch to edges vibrant
prints did you put a hole in
it look dbrand save yourself the trouble
stay in your lane it's already as good
as a mouse pad can
be yo Glenn I found a fatal flaw in the
pool table set
up
whoops shop some of the best LT store
deals of the Year this Black Friday you
can save on magnetic Cable Management
screwdriver combos t-shirts water
bottles and more at lmg dogblack Friday
and today only we've got an exclusive
exclusive deal where you can get a free
Corsair mouse and keyboard when you buy
the LT backpack all for the normal
backpack price of
$249.99 holy crap that is a really good
deal again lmg gblack Friday next STP
manufacturing floor and good gravy are
there ever a lot of steps to this every
one of the machines behind me is working
on circuit board right now at some stage
or another starting with this guy right
right here the surecolor s8600 L solvent
printer this is used for doing the base
color of circuit board including the LT
panone which is 1655 C hey check this
out they've got a panone deck right here
so we can actually compare what's coming
off the printer with the target wow that
is really
close damn uhoh I just rued it uhoh it
was too wet um well they'll uh
they'll find that
probably I'm going to go find a little
pen or marker or something and I'll I'll
put a mark there anywh who these
printers use six color cmy KO for
maximum color accuracy and can cover
over 98% of the panone range these are
some off-the-shelf oranges just to give
you some idea of how far off it would
have been if we'd gone this route yeah
these are really not that close it seems
kind of impractical to just print one
color across an entire sheet of vinyl
like this but apparently these can do up
to 1,000 square ft per hour fun fact by
the way there was no panone LT orange
until I think it was Sarah just picked
one before that we just did whatever we
thought looked
nice now to check out the laminator this
applies a protective lamination to the
ink once it's gone through the solvent
printer which
uh as we saw probably
necessary wow you do not want to get
your hand stuck in there the laminate
and the vinyl are apparently pressed
together at a line pressure of
14.28 lb force in which Nets out to
about 57 PSI or 8,200 lb a square foot
that pressure is to ensure that there
are zero bubbles between the vinyl and
the laminate and dbrand notes here that
they used a specially selected laminate
to ensure maximum bond strength for the
ink from The Next Step which is the 3D
UV printer 3D UV printer okay that
sounds pretty
cool and here it is the star of the
show man is this thing ever cool I've
seen videos of it already but in real
life this is a whole other level so it
works much the same way that a typical
fdm 3D printer would right where you're
taking your spool of you know ABS or pla
plastic and you're depositing it down
and then you're cooling it and letting
it Harden except instead of plastic it's
using layers of ink in this case five
layers to give the finished skin that uh
that almost texture that I personally
find even enhances the grip a little bit
so each layer goes down then and is
instantaneously cured by the 400 W UV
bulb that you can actually is right
there in the print head giving it an
incredibly cool look as it's printing
out because as you guys might know UV
light instantly Uber charges
glow-in-the-dark materials so it looks
freaking bananas as it's coming out of
the machine and this is it the finished
roll it has so much texture to it that I
bet you guys could probably even hear
the sound of me scraping a nail over
it now as you can imagine machines like
this which by the way cost well north of
six figures each not exactly intended
for creating cool textured skins for
phones so what are they actually for
dbrand actually left us some example
images
that wow weird but anyway let's say
hypothetically you wanted the customer
outside your store to see this image but
you wanted the customer inside your
store to see something else this is just
one layer and as you can see
it's pretty much completely see-through
no good that's what you'd see from the
other side but if we do two layers ah
now we got a nice vibrant image from the
one side oh no we can still basically
see that from the other side okay okay
how about three
layers hey that's more like it Dennis
from the
outside sweet sweet respit on the inside
but okay the inside customer is not
really seeing anything that's where
layer 4 comes in nice white background
and
finally a five layer print Dennis on the
outside of the store me on the inside of
the store and basically completely
opaque from both sides cool right
wait why the heck did we contract
someone locally to do the window prints
for our badminton land Center I could
have just asked dbrand to print them
before we get to what dbrand calls the
bread and butter of their operation
there's a couple quick things behind me
are the design stations the file for
circuit board contains 70,000 individual
Vector objects and was designed with a
team of actual PCB Engineers with the
goal of having something that perfectly
repeats but is also plausibly the first
layer of a high performance PCB design
super cool and they left some samples
here of what happened when they were
using a laminate layer that didn't bond
well with the UV Inc you can see the
whole thing just comes right off pretty
brutal who says there's no research and
development in stickers maybe they're
not so overpriced after all and here
they are the glorified crickets or
industrial flatbed Cutters that are the
Beating Heart of D Brand's operation
they produce T of thousands of different
SKS and if they didn't do this onsite
there's absolutely no way that they
could operate with the agility that they
do you can see right now one week before
launch they are in mass production of
all three different colorways of short
circuit so we've got the orange and
white the glow as well as the blackon
black with each of these machines
capable of outputting 5,000 units per
day here let's find one that's running
and have a look wow I can barely even
see where it
cuts that is flipping
wild also this is cool they pointed out
in their notes that some vinyl cutters
will just have the blade on a rotating
head and it'll just kind of drag it
around as it cuts but on theirs it's a
programmable axis which I guess gives
you better
Precision plus or minus
0.05 mm Precision very precise once the
finished Skins are manufactured they
come to assembly for what they call
weeding every single one of their
designs contains anywhere between one
and dozens of parts that need to be
manually removed from the finished
output before they can be sent to the
customer one of the most tedious is
apparently the top of the Xbox series X
where you have to remove every single
one of these vent holes before it can be
sent to the customer okay again maybe
not that
[Laughter]
overpriced de brand estimates that they
weed roughly 1.4 million cutouts per
month in this facility and all I have to
say about that is when I'm done this
Xbox series X top you better apply it
properly don't screw it up so I have to
do this
again let's get out of here and head to
order
packing these markings on the floor give
me the impression that I'm not supposed
to hang out here this feels a little
more like arts and craft stations than
order packing stations but that makes
sense because d has their thing right
where they do their little handdrawn
Post-it notes and stuff they've
apparently created hundreds of LTT
themed Post-it notes in advance of the
launch to distribute with circuit board
ERS and oh
no this one in particular is a little on
the nose
today oh man oh my goodness these are so
funny there's so many of them every one
of them these operators gets a machine
optimized pick path in the morning so
they go out and you can see inventory
land is all around us get everything
they're going to need for the day and
then they plunk down at their station to
pack everything securely and of course
either pick a pre-drawn Post-It note or
even create custom ones according to the
requests of their customers oh my
goodness how is every single person who
works here so much better at Art than me
I've been asked to do a couple myself
but guys if you get mine you're going to
be disappointed I'll tell you that much
line of Shrek tips featuring Shrek the
lineros why don't we do a couple Glenn
do you art not I'm not anymore not
anymore well that's a lot better than me
so I think we're going to do some roll
reversal here give me that camera see if
you can figure out the workflow here
yeah there we go
nice giving a thumbs up
that's a thumbs up right yeah I well
it's either that or a middle finger I
mean either would be on brand for
debrand anyway so that was it that's
their workflow right that's the whole
thing looks like it oh dude okay all
right all right all right all right I'm
going to I'm going to add some
embellishments I I'll add some
embellishments all right oh man I don't
know okay well here let's try and give
the shirt a bit of like an
aqua okay you know what we're going to
count that Glenn and Linus
collab okay one more I'll do one more
I'm going to I'm going to try and do
Sarah's whale you know what if it's not
going to be accurate anyway screw it
it's an orca
now there and uh there you go if you get
one of those then I'm
sorry I realized we never really took a
look at inventory land there you go
that's a that's a dbrand skin all
right wow are a lot of these uh but my
focus is dinner time we flew in this
morning and we're flying back to
Vancouver tonight so we haven't really
had a chance to have a um oh okay wow
this is quite the lunchroom
hey I'm sure this is some kind of coded
insult so uh you guys are more than
welcome to try to interpret it I have no
idea what any of that
means no way this is so cool I assumed
that this was vinyl
it's not this is all hand
done that is
incredible fliping love it uh apparently
this is our dinner
Glenn I feel like both of our dinner is
not going to fit under here that
well delicious and nutritious dinner
lunch Le Fiesta
nachos stop five time to leave
that that's our
dinner I I have never tried lunch Le
Glenn have you tried lunch Le no I'm not
oh
boy if it's anywhere near as bad as it
looks
um I'd write them about an eight out of
10 for
stess so that's something I
mean it's tasty uh I really don't like
fake cheese I like my cheese drippy
bro I'm checking the fridge you want to
raid the fridge Glenn let's raid the
fridge Glenn you want anything from here
I don't even feel bad about stopping
their print oh my gosh they actually
stock Lun Le the nacho that wasn't just
a
meme okay step five you know what I
agree it is time to
leave let's get out of here
lunch
Le oh cool blank vinyl rolls if you're
ever wondering do they actually use
genuine 3M vinyl I saw this I'm like is
this part of their day-to-day meing or
is this part of today's specific meing
and I'm actually not sure should we
should we poke our head out
here
uh-huh is this a Lambo Power
Wheels that that is freaking sick and it
has a little phone hookup in here so you
can crank your tunes oh man with my
ankle being the way it is
okay by the way the other major project
we're promoting right now is of
course our day pack which conveniently
has pockets on both sides for your water
bottle and your fold up travel cane
there you go
I'm possibly not going to succeed at
this okay no I'm in I'm in all right
time to go home see you later